[Music] It's that
I agree here It's that I ca
n't say otherwise I said it the
day I came back I
said it the day I came back and I'm like there he
was making a suit that the fact is that
even if it had been true that
Antonio lived he would have posted the tweet
things were being said that were unnecessary
Anthony there was a tweet where he rants about the
youtubers who helped you Look
tesa I'm going to say something and I say to myself to
turn on my colleagues Do you want me to
be sincere and to give my opinion on the bad things about
one and the bad things about the other or do you want me to
put the side that you want me to take? I'm
going to be sincere
and see if what I really think is
worth it
Let's stop throwing things in each other's faces It's
one thing for Antonio David to pin a
tweet throwing [ __ ] at someone who has
never touched him and who doesn't get involved in
anything And like for example charismatic is
fine but it's another thing for us to
throw things in his face for life He
can't tell the youtubers because the
youtubers give their opinions they supported him Look
let's put the  things clear on the
table
a large part and I'm not going to tell you if
two and three and four if six and eight a
large part of the youtubers who
supported him Antonio David did not do it
to do him a favor Antonio David
because an injustice was being done
to him the story of injustice the
story of injustice and the
noble cause for others is worth a
few youtubers were
supporting him because it gave money and because
and because it was convenient to support him So let's
leave the [ __ ] that Antonio
Avilés owes something to those youtubers one
thing is that one thing is that I
criticize Antonio David
that attacks people like Karimán and
Marina Hernal for free
and another thing is that now
Antonio David has to put up with
one or two or three making a
suit for him and he has to keep quiet because he
made a video he
had no idea how to do it and he is
learning little by little like everyone else
and above all he really wants to
continue on the platform and we have a
long way to go since he also really wants to a
kiss Loli Thank you very much You
too Javier iveira one  [ __ ] Diego
whoever thinks that I support
Antonio Vi's cause out of self-interest doesn't even know me or
my career is worth it because
look, I
'm one of the few who can tell you with
complete peace of mind that the opinion and the
support that I made I don't support Antonio
David
but not me where do they have that Antonio
David is a bit of a Boomer a Twitter on
YouTube
aitor That's why I tell you Look, let's
see,
let's see, I
can tell you
well, finishing with my thing and not to
pat myself on the back personally, anyone with
two fingers of forehead knows that
I, who have
been one of the few who was
against the docuseries on my own
because I never imagined that those
videos were going to get me, not even
visits and that you can and any
person who knows me and who was
subscribed before the docuseries,
don't bring me into the fray, I mean
people's perception and the comments
here are not even saved No, but if
I don't put you in El Salado but it's that
what you have posted is said by a lot
of people it's not that Antonio David
can't say anything to the youtubers who have
spoken well of him let's see some
of the youtubers who have spoken well of
him have spoken well of him when the
blue tide was in full swing
here what is worth to me
And I'm sorry and I'm sorry for my friends
okay I'm sorry but whoever gets upset
because I give their opinion is the truth Look he has two
problems getting angry and not getting angry
because I can
tell foundations I can
tell foundations let's see to me the one
that is worth to me the one that is worth to me so that you
tell me is that Antonio David
cannot, he cannot say anything to this one because he owes him a
favor because he
supported him he is the one who supported him from episode
the one who supported since
[Applause]
let's not see
that here the vast majority have not
altruistically supported the Noble cause not
even some of those who were there
from the beginning the caps the cap had been in
four episodes still
was throwing himself at Antonio vi and Rocío
Flores when he saw that what made
money was the blue tide So if he
supported them without being able to see it because the cap
could not come Antonio viña Rocío flores
now since I  Do you want to
blame Antonio David for going along with
the gorras when he was already warned
that the gorras was not with him or his
daughter and that he was doing it for the
money? I'll buy it. Antonio David
did very wrong in collaborating with the gorras
and in not stopping the gorras
when everyone knew or not
everyone when he was already being warned
that the gorras was falsely supporting him.
Now don't come to me now
but not to me where do you have to give
hands applauding hands applauding
hands applauding I totally agree
with you a kiss Marlene now don't
come to me now in 2023 I
attest to how those documentary videos were created,
not
those of you who are subscribed to me and those of you who
knew me before the docuseries,
you know that I did those videos. I
did it selflessly,
I did it completely selflessly.
In fact, it wasn't the theme of my channel
and I didn't think I would earn a [ __ ], I did
n't think I would earn a [ __ ] with those
videos. What  it happens that it was a
typical topic where a man is accused of things
that are not true and you appeared in those
videos because it was It was very clear
the Rosita's embarrassment Okay now
that you tell me now in 2023
with all the fish sold
with all the fish sold that
Antonio David cannot answer
a YouTube because he has to be
grateful to the youtubers come on man come on man
that's not right man that's not what
you tell me that Antonio maybe he has to
be grateful to
me that I have done it selflessly yes
but to all the youtubers no eh Not all
the youtubers that there is YouTube is that I do
not want to fight with my colleagues
or set fire but man there is
YouTube
that have not supported it because they really
think so but because it was what
interested
each youtuber who was not even
interested in the subject of the heart and they
made channels running or
completely changed the subject of
their channel to the heart man
Antonio came he owes gratitude to
everyone no In any case all to him
but not to me where do they have to give Yes
but the cap has fooled a
lot of people the last test what he has
done to Marina face with hands
hugging face with hands hugging face
with hands hugging the cap has
fooled whoever he wanted to be
fooled because I've been saying since
the interview Antonia Vicky Who
was the cap and the way he acted
and when we saw through him
the cap has fooled whoever
got fooled cool Okay now I
can tell you that Enrique made a
mistake well I can tell you
that Antonio saw This video would have been unnecessary if he
had made it on Sunday On Monday
okay now a week well it seems to me
man having hit Enrique
when he has already apologized and removed
the videos it comes at the wrong time and I can tell you and I
can tell you that Enrique I
can tell you that Enrique did not do it
with malice and he could have thrown it and he made a
mistake and he slipped and that he did not
do it with malice
and that we should not only take it into account okay
But now please And I am not saying this for the
porteza or for anyone in particular
for everyone who says it Because  you say a
lot okay let's leave the story that
Antonio David has to thank
all the youtubers and Antonio David
has to eat everything they say about him
but he can't answer No man no
name no Antonio David This video has not been
made
to Still this video has not been made because of
the issue of the pinned comment
here the mistake that I see Antonio
David Is that the issue of the video
of the stick Enrique for the
pinned comment no Antonio was here he is not
hitting Enrique for the
pinned comment the pinned comment
like that the drop that the evil the video of
Anthony this attitude of Antonio Enrique
comes from the videos that he has made to
Marta
[Music]